Update weak subjectivity content (#214)
ConsenSys/doc.teku: docs/Concepts/Weak-Subjectivity.md

---
description: Describe weak subjectivity
---

# Weak subjectivity

> The weak subjectivity period refers to how far behind the chain head a node can be before knowing
> that 1/3 of validators have exited.

Reviewer: Feels slightly ambiguous.

```suggestion
The weak subjectivity period refers to how far behind the chain head a node can be before 1/3 of validators may have exited without the node knowing.
```

or: may have have existed since the node was last in sync.

For example, if 1/3 of validators withdraw their stake and continue signing blocks and
attestations, they can form a chain which conflicts with the finalised state. If your node is far
enough behind the chain head not to be aware that they've withdrawn their funds, these validators
can act dishonestly and continue feeding you blocks to lead you down the wrong chain.

!!! note

    If a node is aware that a validator has withdrawn its funds, the node will reject the
    validator's attestations.

Teku allows you to [supply a weak subjectivity checkpoint], which is a point in the network from which

> a node can securely update their view of the current state.

Reviewer 2: that can be downloaded by rest api: `/teku/v1/beacon/states/finalized`

Reviewer: There's two different things which may be confusing here.  You can specify a checkpoint as `<blockRoot>:<epoch>` and Teku will sync from genesis and check that when it reaches that epoch that the block root matches.  This is the information you get from BeaconScan.

The other is a a checkpoint state that Teku can start syncing from which you can get from the endpoint Paul mentioned. Starting from a checkpoint state is an even better way to avoid risks with the weak subjectivity period because there's no way to be lead down a wrong chain (whereas when syncing from genesis you may follow the wrong chain but with a checkpoint specified it will be detected and Teku will stop).
